THANK YOU. CHEERS.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
HERE YOU GO.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YOU KNOW, IF I TURN MY COFFEE
INTO A DESSERT,
IT JUST MIGHT BE
DRINKABLE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
GIMME.
OH. SORRY.
HEY, TRACI, ONE SECOND.
ONE SECOND. ONE SECOND.
JUST -- JUST -- LISTEN.
TRY TO RELAX.
OH, YEAH.
THAT'S NICE.
YEAH, LOOKS GOOD.
I LOVE IT.
YOU DIDN'T REALLY NEED
TO DO THAT.
WELL...
EVERYTHING
IS GONNA BE FINE.
YEAH, I JUST --
IT'S MY FIRST RAID.
I'M WORRIED.
I'M WORRIED
WE'RE GONNA SHOW UP
AND THERE'S GONNA BE
NOBODY THERE.
OR WORSE --
WE'LL GET THERE
AND SOMETHING WILL GO WRONG,
SOMEBODY WILL GET HURT.
THESE GUYS
ARE RUTH LESS.
BUT YOU COULDN'T BE
MORE PREPARED.
AND WE'RE GONNA GET A TON
OF GUNS OFF THE STREET TODAY.
OKAY?
AND I'M GONNA BE THERE
RIGHT BESIDE YOU.
NOW...
HM?
CAFFEINATE ME.
HEY, WAIT. MAYBE --
EHHH...MAYBE YOU NEED
TO TAKE A LAP AROUND THE CAR.
JUST TO LOOSEN UP, YOU KNOW?
YOU SHAKE IT OUT.
[ Laughing ]
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
LITTLE DETECTIVE SECRET HERE,
NASH.
IN FACT,
I'M A LITTLE TENSE RIGHT NOW.
MAYBE -- CAN I GO FIRST?
DO YOU MIND? IT REALLY HELPS.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT. THANKS.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
[ CAR ALARM BLARING ]
GEEZ!
[ LAUGHS ]
I DO FEEL MORE RELAXED.
***
-- Captions by VITAC --
Chris:
DOV, MODERATION IS KEY.
Gail:
I THINK WHAT HE'S TRYING TO SAY
IS THAT YOU HAVE A PROBLEM.
I'M TELLING YOU, YOU GUYS
HAVEN'T GIVEN NORI A CHANCE.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW MUCH IRON IS IN THIS?
GAIL, YOU SHOULD TRY IT.
I BET YOU'RE DEFICIENT.
WHAT DID
YOU JUST CALL ME?
SERIOUSLY?
IN THE TRUCK?
OUT. OUT.
JUST -- JUST GET OUT.
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
I DO THINK
IT'S A LITTLE EARLY, THOUGH,
FOR THAT MUCH SODIUM --
JUST SAYING.
DON'T WORRY.
I'M GUZZLING WATER.
UH...JAMIE ALERT.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY GET ON THAT.
I MEAN, GET RID OF THAT.
JUST ANOTHER DAY
TEMPTING THE GODS, HUH, DIAZ?
COME ON, SEAWEED.
YOU KNOW, THAT STUFF ACTUALLY
SMELLS LIKE YOU'RE EATING SWEAT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
PLAY HOOKY WITH ME.
YOU CAN SKIP THAT RAID THING.
NO ONE'S EVEN
SEEN YOU COME IN YET.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YEAH. CALL IT
A MENTAL-HEALTH DAY.
WE CAN LIE AROUND IN BED,
DO WHATEVER YOU WANT.
DON'T.
IT'S A STRESSFUL JOB.
I GOT A REALLY BIG DAY
TODAY.
MM.
I'M SORRY, OKAY?
COME ON, CHRIS.
I WISH I COULD,
BUT I...
I-I CAN'T.
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
CRAZY.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU TURNED OFF THE BACKUP ALARM.
YOU'RE LIKE
A SNOOZE NINJA.
THE HEART WANTS
WHAT IT WANTS,
AND IT WANTED
TO STAY IN BED WITH YOU.
OOH. SMOOTH.
NEVER AGAIN, OKAY?
'CAUSE THE PHONE'S STAYING
ON M SIDE OF THE BED TONIGHT.
OKAY.
WORKING TOGETHER.
OH, TAKE DUNDAS. WE CAN'T
BE LATE FOR TRACI'S RAID.
WE'RE MAKING GOOD TIME.
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED TO FOLLOW
THAT THING THERE, COPILOT.
OH, YOU WANT ME TO TRUST
THIS RED LINE OVER MY OWN
INSTINCTS? COME ON.
WELL, ARE YOUR INSTINCTS
BACKED UP
BY MASS AMOUNTS OF
HIGHLY ACCURATE REAL-TIME DATA?
OOH.
OKAY, SO, IT TURNS OUT
DUNDAS IS PACKED.
MAYBE TAKE QUEEN.
OH, OKAY.
SEE, LOOK AT US -- LEARNING,
GROWING, WORKING TOGETHER.
I KNOW. HIGH FIVE.
[ CHUCKLES, SMOOCHES ]
OKAY,
WE'LL WORK UP TO THAT, YEAH?
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
Oliver: ALL RIGHT, IT IS
A BEAUTIFUL DAY FOR A RAID.
I HOPE YOU'VE HAD YOUR WHEATIES
OR WHEATGRASS SMOOTHIES --
WHATEVER IT IS YOU USE
TO FILL YOUR PROVERBIAL TANKS.
UH, DETECTIVE NASH
HAS THE HELM,
SO, UH, I'M JUST GONNA
PASS IT OFF TO HER.
GO, NASH!
YOU'RE THE MAN, GIRL!
Shh.
ALL RIGHT, TODAY HAS BEEN
A LONG TIME COMING.
THE TARGET IS THOM KOZIK --
OLD-SCHOOL GUN DEALER.
KOZIK'S TRAFFICKING
ILLEGAL, UNTRACEABLE FIREARMS
THROUGH HIS CUSTOM METAL SHOP
ON NEWCASTLE.
SHIPMENTS ARE GETTING LARGER,
MORE FREQUENT,
AND NOW COME
WITH SPECIALIZED PARTS,
[ CELLPHONE CHIMES ]
INCLUDING D.I.Y. KITS TO TURN
SEMIS INTO FULLY AUTOMATICS.
Oliver: ALL RIGHT,
SO, THIS HAS TAKEN
A LOT OF SURVEILLANCE,
TIME, AND HARD WORK,
BUT WE HAVE A SEARCH WARRANT
FOR KOZIK'S SHOP
AND ARREST WARRANTS
FOR HIM AND ALL OF HIS PALS.
TODAY'S SHIPMENT IS DUE
AT 10:00 A.M.
WE'LL WATCH FOR IT
AND TAKE THEM ALL DOWN
THE SECOND IT ARRIVES.
LET'S GEAR UP,
KICK IN SOME DOORS.
[ CELLPHONE CHIMES ]
ALL RIGHT, HOPEFULLY
GET IT WRAPPED UP BY LUNCH.
EXCUSE ME, SIR.
MCNALLY, YOU'RE WITH PECK.
GO AHEAD.
EPSTEIN, WHAT ARE YOU EATING?
IT'S REALLY GROSS.
WHY ARE YOU DOING IT
IN MY PARADE?
AND SHE DIDN'T EVEN
JOG AROUND THE CAR!
[ LAUGHS ]
I'M GONNA GO
GET MY GUYS IN ORDER.
IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
[ SIGHS ] GREAT.
HEY.
HEY, HOTSHOT.
YOU READY TO RAID?
THIS IS INCREDIBLE,
WHAT YOU PUT TOGETHER.
THIS IS
A LOT OF WORK.
I JUST GOT A MESSAGE
FROM LEO'S SCHOOL.
APPARENTLY, HE'S SICK --
NEEDS TO BE PICKED UP RIGHT NOW.
WHERE'S DEX?
HE'S OUT OF TOWN.
OF COURSE HE IS.
HIGHLIGHT OF MY CAREER
MEETS MY KID PUKING ON THE BUS.
OKAY, WELL, MAYBE ONE OF US
CAN GRAB HIM.
WELL, THERE'S A FORM
YOU NEED TO FILL OUT,
[ CELLPHONE CHIMES ]
AND IF HE'S REALLY SICK,
I JUST...
OKAY, I'M GONNA DROP HIM OFF
AT THE SITTER'S.
I'LL BE BACK IN 20 MINUTES.
DON'T TELL ANYONE.
IT'D BE THE LAST TIME
A SINGLE MOTHER GETS
TO COORDINATE A RAID,
WHICH I REALLY CAN'T LIVE WITH
ON A PHILOSOPHICAL LEVEL,
SO I'LL BE BACK.
GODSPEED.
OKAY.
OFFICER WARD.
YOU'RE LOOKING FRESH.
THANK YOU.
I'VE BEEN IN BED A LOT.
REALLY?
GUESS YOU'RE GETTING
A SOLID EIGHT HOURS.
VERY...SOLID.
WELL, I HOPE YOU'RE GETTING
SOME SLEEP IN THERE, TOO.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
IS THAT YOU OR ME?
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I JUST -- I HAVE TO TAKE THIS.
EXCUSE ME.
LOOK, I'M SORRY,
ALL RIGHT?
I KNOW
THAT I SHOULD HAVE CHECKED IN,
BUT IT'S JUST -- IT'S BEEN CRAZY
AROUND HERE, ALL RIGHT?
WE'RE PLANNING A RAID, AND --
I-I UNDERSTAND, BUT IT'S JUST --
IT'S A LOT TO JUGGLE RIGHT NOW.
YES.
YES, WELL --
WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
I WILL CHECK IN AFTER SHIFT.
OKAY.
[ SIGHS ]
HEY, TRISH.
IS LEO READY?
TRACI, HI.
UH, LEO'S IN CLASS,
AS FAR AS I KNOW.
IS HE SUPPOSED TO BE
MEETING YOU HERE?
I DON'T KNOW. I GOT A MESSAGE
SAYING HE WAS SICK.
ONE MOMENT.
I'LL CALL DOWN.
HEY, LEO NASH --
IS HE IN CLASS?
FEELING OKAY?
GREAT. THAN KS.
LEO'S FINE.
DO YOU KNOW
WHO LEFT THE MESSAGE?
NO, I JUST PICKED IT UP.
I WAS IN A RUSH.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
MIX-UPS DO HAPPEN,
UNFORTU NATELY.
DO -- DO YOU WANT ME
TO LISTEN TO THE MESSAGE?
NO, UH,
MY PHONE'S IN MY CAR.
YOU KNOW WHAT? IT'S FINE.
IT'S GREAT, ACTUALLY.
I GOT TO
GET BACK TO WORK.
[ SIGHS ]
I'M JOGGING NOW.
WHERE'S NASH?
JINX!
UH, TECHNICALLY, YOU HAVE TO
SAY IT AT THE SAME TIME.
SERIOUSLY,
WE GOT TO GO.
SHE'S IN THE LOUNGE.
SHE'S IN
THE WASH...ROOM.
WHAT, SHE'S LOUNGING
IN THE WASHROOM?
I DO IT ALL THE TIME.
YEAH, YOU DO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
ANDY, IT'S NOT FUNNY.
WHERE IS SHE?
I KNOW -- IT'S NOT FUNNY,
BECAUSE LEO'S SICK,
AND SO SHE PICKED HIM UP
AND TOOK HIM TO THE SITTER.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YEAH. SHE SAID SHE'D BE BACK
IN 20 MINUTES.
OKAY, FINE. LET'S GET THIS SHOW
ON THE ROAD.
MCNALLY, TELL HER
TO MEET US ON LOCATION.
SHE'S THE ONE WHO KNOWS
THIS THING BACK TO FRONT,
SO WE REALLY DON'T WANT TO BE
BUSTING IN THERE WITHOUT HER.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, I'LL CALL HER.
LET'S ROLL.
OKAY,
ETF IS EN ROUTE.
WAY TO KEEP A SECRET.
[ SCHOOL BELL RINGS ]
[ CAR ALARM HONKS ]
[ MUFFLED SCREAM ]
COLLINS, PRICE, KEEP YOUR EYES
PEELED FOR THAT GRAY PICKUP.
COPY THAT.
SWAREK,
HOW'S IT GOING?
I THOUGHT
NASH WAS COORDINATING TODAY.
YEAH, SHE SHOULD BE
IN OUR TRUCK.
NASH, IT'S SWAREK.
WHAT'S YOUR 20?
Nash? You there?
SWAREK, IT'S PECK.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE SHE IS.
SHE'S NOT ANSWERING.
WELL, IT'S 10:00 A.M.
I GOT TO CALL IT WHEN IT COMES,
WITH OR WITHOUT NASH.
YEAH, I KNOW.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ GUNS COCK ]
HEY,
DO YOU HEAR ANYTHING?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ANY JANGLING?
UH, KEYS?
I DON'T WANT TO BE THE ONE
THAT BLOWS OUR ENTRY.
OH, MY GOD.
HEY.
WHAT IS, UH, WHAT IS
GOING ON WITH HER?
I-I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW.
SHE SAID SHE WOULD BE BACK.
WELL, SHE'S NOT BACK.
I KNOW. I'M GONNA CALL HER
ONE MORE TIME, OKAY?
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
COLLINS,
I THINK THIS IS THE ONE.
YEAH, THAT'S IT.
THIS IS COLLINS.
TRUCK JUST TURNED
ONTO NEWCASTLE.
Repeat --
shipment's headed to you.
TRACE,
IT'S, UH, IT'S ANDY.
I-I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S HAPPENING
WITH YOU RIGHT NOW, BUT YOU
GOT TO CALL ME BACK, OKAY?
THE SHIPMENT'S HERE.
BYE.
ALL RIGHT, WE GOT TO GO.
PECK,
IT'S PULLING AROUND BACK.
Coming to you.
COPY THAT.
BAILEY, YOU READY?
YES, SIR.
ALL UNITS, STAY OFF THE RADIO.
OVER TO ETF.
TANGO 1 IS IN POSITION.
TANGO 2?
TANGO 2 IS READY.
GO.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
Marcus: POLICE!
TURN OFF THE VEHICLE!
DO IT NOW!
Driver: OKAY! OKAY!
ENGINE'S OFF!
GET OUT OF THE TRUCK NOW!
DOWN ON THE GROUND! NOW!
HANDS WHERE I CAN SEE THEM!
[ SIREN CHIRPS ]
I SAID,
"GET OUT OF THE TRUCK!"
Man: DOWN ON YOUR KNEES,
EVERYONE! STOP WHERE YOU ARE!
Steve:
DON'T MOVE! DON'T MOVE!
[ SIRENS WAILING ]
[ SIREN CHIRPS ]
GOOD.
WHOA!
LOOK AT THAT.
OH, AND...
THOM KOZIK.
I'D LIKE TO HAVE A LOOK
AT THAT WARRANT, PLEASE --
PREFERABLY NOT HELD
AN INCH FROM MY FACE.
OKAY.
[ SIGHS ]
"DETECT IVE TRACI NASH."
THAT'S YOU, I PRESUME?
[ SCOFFS ]
THAT'S FUNNY.
ALL RIGHT. DIAZ,
LET'S GET THIS GUY IN A CAR.
ANYTHING FROM NASH?
NO, HAVEN'T HEARD
ANYTHING. YOU?
Steve: NOTHING.
OKAY, WELL, I GUESS GAIL AND I
WILL HEAD OVER TO LEO'S SCHOOL.
MAYBE SHE GOT HELD UP THERE.
YEAH, THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
OKAY, LET ME KNOW, OKAY?
YEAH. OF COURSE.
THANK YOU.
IS THAT THING ON?
YEAH, THAT THING'S ON.
IT'S ALWAYS ON.
SO, HOW DOES
THE SPOTLIGHT FEEL?
A LITTLE WARM.
UH-HUH.
WELL, WE -- WE SEIZED
A TRUCK OF YOUR FIREARMS,
SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL
SETTLE IN AND GET COMFORTABLE.
HOW IS, UH,
DETECTIVE NASH?
IS SHE SICK
OR SOMETHING?
EVERYONE SEEMS
QUITE CONCERNED.
ARE YOU CONCERNED?
NO, I JUST HAVE...
A COUPLE OF QUESTIONS FOR HER.
THAT'S ALL.
A FEW INACCURACIES
THAT I WOULD LIKE TO CLEAR UP.
IT'S...
IT'S "KOZIK'S CUSTOM METAL,"
NOT "KOZIK CUSTOM METAL."
POSSESSIVE.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET ABOUT...
[ SIGHS ]
FORGET ABOUT THE GRAMMAR.
I'M JUST WORRIED
FOR YOUR OFFICER.
YOU PEOPLE PUT YOURSELVES
IN SUCH DANGER FOR THIS JOB.
THANKS FOR YOUR CONCERN,
THOM.
YOU'RE A --
YOU'RE A REAL GENTLEMAN.
THANK YOU.
[ BUZZER ]
DETECTIVE,
YOU GOT A MINUTE?
MCNALLY JUST CALLED.
SHE TALKED TO LEO'S SCHOOL
ON THE WAY.
AND?
AND LEO'S NOT SICK,
AND THE SCHOOL
DID NOT LEAVE THAT MESSAGE.
THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHO
WOULD HAVE CALLED TRACI'S
CELLPHONE THIS MORNING.
DID NASH GO
TO THE SCHOOL?
SHE DID. SHE DID.
SHE LEFT THE FRONT OFFICE
LIKE TWO HOURS AGO.
PECK AND MCNALLY --
THEY'RE THERE
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHERE SHE WAS HEADED.
WATCH THIS GUY
FOR A SECOND.
OKAY.
[ BUZZER ]
[ Door closes ]
So, what's going on?
Same as it ever was.
NO, WHAT'S YOUR PLAN?
YOU GOT A PLAN?
YOU WANT TO TRADE?
YOU WANT TO PLAY?
I'M RIGHT HERE.
LET'S PLAY.
OKAY.
I got all of your guys,
right?
I don't know.
You tell me.
I'M TELLING YOU --
I HAVE ALL YOUR GUYS.
DO YOU HAVE ONE OF MINE?
HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'm not sure
what you're asking about.
TRACI.
THE CALL FROM LEO'S SCHOOL --
THAT WAS A CRANK.
IT DIDN'T
COME FROM THERE.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
WHAT I'M SAYING IS
WE DON'T KNOW ANYTHING YET.
HEY, LET SWAREK
DO HIS WORK.
UNH-UNH-UNH.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
IN THERE.
NO, I WAS GONNA ASK
HIM A COUPLE -- COUPLE
QUESTIONS, THAT'S ALL.
IT'S MY JOB.
COUPLE OF QUESTIONS. THAT'S IT.
YOU'RE COOL?
YEP.
OKAY.
I'm sorry, but I don't think
I can help you, Detective.
IT'S MY TURN.
SWAREK, IT'S ALL RIGHT.
IT'S FINE.
ALL THESE
DIFFERENT PEOPLE --
I'M STARTING TO FEEL
QUITE TURNED AROUND.
WERE YOU HOPING WE WEREN'T
GONNA DO THE RAID WITHOUT HER?
[ SIGHS ]
'CAUSE, CLEARLY,
THAT DIDN'T WORK OUT.
AND NOW THERE'S NO BARGAIN
TO BE MADE WHERE YOU WALK,
so I think it's time
you tell us
which one of your guys
has her
AND WHERE.
NOW.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU KNOW, THIS COULD GO
A LOT WORSE FOR YOU.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?
BELIEVE ME.
I HOPE THAT BROAD
IS WORTH THE TROUBLE, DETECTIVE.
[ TABLE CLATTERS ]
INTERVIEW IS OVER!
Sam:
WHOA, WHOA, PECK! NO!
WHERE IS SHE?!
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT!
PECK!
ALL RIGHT!
GET OUT OF HERE, PECK!
I'M SORRY.
OUT!
IS THAT THING
STILL ROLLING? HUH?
WHAT WAS THAT
ABOUT A BARGAIN?
[ GROANS LOUDLY ]
[ WHIMPERS LOUDLY ]
COME ON!
WE'RE GONNA FIND HER,
BUT YOU'RE BENCHED.
YOU'RE BENCHED,
DETECTIVE!
[ GROANS ]
THERE'S NO WAY HE'S GOT HER.
OKAY? THERE'S NO WAY.
THAT WOULD MEAN HE KNEW
ABOUT THE RAID IN ADVANCE.
HE WOULD HAVE CANCELED
THE SHIPMENT.
THAT'S RIGHT. YOU KNOW
WHAT HE WAS LOOKING FOR?
HE WAS LOOKING
TO RILE US UP.
HE WAS LOOKING TO GET
A SHOT IN THE HEAD
SO HE CAN CUT A DEAL.
WELL, HOPEFULLY,
WE DON'T HAVE TO DO THAT.
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
AN DY?
[ DOOR HANDLE RATTLES ]
TRACI'S PHONE IS HERE.
GAIL?
WHAT?
[ EXHALES HEAVILY ]
HE'S BACK.
[ MUFFLED GROANING ]
WHO ARE
ALL THESE PEOPLE?
OTHER PLATOONS --
OFFICERS THAT WANT TO HELP.
SOUNDS LIKE IT'S THE SAME GUY
THAT ATTACKED AN DY.
EVERYONE COMES OUT WHEN
SOMETHING LIKE THAT HAPPENS.
YEAH, THEY DO.
[ BUZZER ]
UH-OH.
HERE COMES
THAT SEX-CRIMES DETECTIVE.
COME ON.
Dov:
JUST TALKED TO McNALLY.
NO BREAK WITH THE FLOWERS
THIS TIME.
THEY'RE JUST GENERIC
CORNER-STORE LILIES --
IMPOSSIBLE TO TRACK.
OKAY. HEAR FROM
THE PHONE COMPANY YET?
YEAH, FAKE CALL
WAS PLACED FROM A BURNER.
SORRY, SIR.
ALL RIGHT.
STAFF, YOU REMEMBER
DETECTIVE CAPELLO.
OF COURSE. DETECTIVE, THANKS
FOR COMING DOWN HERE SO QUICKLY.
YOU BET.
UH, PARADE ROOM, PLEASE.
OFFICERS, YOU'LL ALL REMEMBER
DETECTIVE INEZ CAPELLO.
SHE'S FROM SEX CRIMES.
SHE'S GONNA BE RUNNING
THIS INVESTIGATION
ALONGSIDE
DETECTIVE SWAREK.
THANK YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY, SO, WE HAVE MADE
A LITTLE BIT OF HEADWAY
SINCE THE ATTACK
ON OFFICER MCNALLY
AT DETECTIVE NASH'S HOME.
WHILE WE BELIEVE
THAT THE PREDATOR MAY HAVE BEEN
SCARED OFF THAT NIGHT --
THERE HAVEN'T BEEN ANY REPORTS
OF BALCONY ATTACKS
SINCE THAT INCIDENT --
WE DO HAVE OUR EYE
ON ONE POTENTIAL SUSPECT.
THE GUY'S NAME
IS ADRIAN CLARKE.
THAN KS.
CLARKE MATCHES
THE LOOSE PHYSICAL DESCRIPTION,
DOES NOT HAVE
AIRTIGHT ALIBIS
FOR ANY OF THE NIGHTS
IN QUESTION,
AND HAS A HISTORY
OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT.
ADDITIONALLY,
ONLINE INTELLIGENCE
HAS CONNECTED CLARKE
TO DEEP-WEB CHAT ROOMS
FOR USERS WITH
VIOLENT SEXUAL PREDILECT IONS.
EXCUSE ME -- W-WHY DON'T WE
HAVE HIM IN CUSTODY?
IT'S NOT ENOUGH
TO CHARGE HIM.
IT'S ALL CIRCUMSTANTIAL,
AND THE VICTIMS CAN'T I.D. HIM
BECAUSE OF THE MASK.
WE DO HAVE CLARKE'S
HOME ADDRESS AND HIS WORK INFO,
SO FIND OUT
IF HE IS AT WORK TODAY
AND GET UNITS
TO BOTH OF THOSE LOCATIONS.
AND, UH, LET'S ALL
WORK TOGETHER, OKAY?
WE HAVE AN OFFICER
TO FIND.
THAT'S RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
PECK, EPSTEIN.
LEO IS STILL SITTING IN
THE OFFICE AT HIS SCHOOL, OKAY?
I NEED YOU
TO GO GET HIM.
GO GRAB AN UNMARKED SQUAD
AND GET OVER THERE.
WHAT -- WHERE ARE WE
SUPPOSED TO TAKE HIM,
AND WHAT DO WE SAY
ABOUT TRACI?
MAKE IT SIMPLE --
THE ALMOST TRUTH.
KEEP HIM DISTRACTED
UNTIL WE CAN GET HIM
BACK TO HIS MOM
OR TO A FAMILY MEMBER.
DO NOT BRING HIM HERE.
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
IT'LL BE GOOD PRACTICE FOR YOU.
TRACI WOULD WANT TO KNOW
HE'S WITH SOMEONE SHE CAN TRUST.
SIR, DO YOU MIND IF I HELP
DIG INTO THE ONLINE PROFILE?
I HAVE
SOME PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE.
YEAH, OF COURSE,
IF YOU THINK IT'LL HELP.
THANK YOU.
HOLD ON.
WAIT -- WAIT A MINUTE.
WHY -- WHY AREN'T WE
GOING ON THE ROAD?
BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO
USE YOUR SKILLS
WHERE THEY'RE NEEDED.
OKAY, SO, WHAT --
YOU THINK YOU CAN DO MORE
THAN ONLINE INTELLIGENCE?
MM, THE DEEP WEB
IS A CRYPTIC PLACE.
SOMETIMES,
YOU NEED A NEW SET OF EYES.
I-I'M SORRY?
THE [SIGHS]
IT'S THE INTERNET
BELOW THE INTERNET.
THE SITES
AREN'T EASY TO FIND,
SOME OF THEM NEED
SPECIAL SOFTWARE.
A LOT OF THEM
USE THE EXTENSION ".ONION,"
WHICH REFERS
TO ONION ROUTING.
UH, I-IT'S THE PROCESS --
IT INVOLVES
LAYER UPON LAYER OF ENCRYPTION,
WHICH ARE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE
TO PEEL BACK ENOUGH
TO FIND
THE IDENTITY OF THE USER.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT ALL THIS?
UH, NICK. WOW.
SNEAK UP MUCH?
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH CLARKE'S BOSS.
SAID HE CALLED IN SICK,
TOLD HIM HE WAS STAYING HOME.
ALL RIGHT, COLLINS,
PRICE, MCNALLY, LET'S GO.
ADRIAN CLARKE
WAS A NO-SHOW AT WORK.
WE'RE HEADING TO HIS ADDRESS
RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
PECK,
WE'RE GONNA FIND HER.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
LEO, I KNOW THIS SEEMS WEIRD,
BUT DON'T WORRY.
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
WE'RE JUST GOING
FOR A LITTLE DRIVE
U-UNTIL WE, UH,
TALK TO YOUR MOM.
WHERE IS SHE?
UH, WELL,
WE DON'T REALLY KNOW,
'CAUSE SHE'S NOT
ANSWERING HER PHONE RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
BUT, HEY, LEO, DID YOU KNOW THAT
I COULD ONE DAY BE YOUR AUNT
IF MY BROTHER AND YOUR MOM
GET MARRIED?
THAT'S WEIRD.
[ LAUGHS ]
YEAH, I KNOW.
I DON'T REALLY LIKE HIM, EITHER.
B-BUT HE WOULD BE -- HE WOULD BE
A GREAT -- GREAT STEPDAD.
HEY, IS THAT MY --
IS THAT MY PHONE?
HELLO?
YES,
THIS IS GAIL SPEAKING.
BANANA PHONE?
OH, YOU DON'T SAY!
SERIOUSLY?
HEY, LEO, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO TRY SOME SEAWEED?
SURE.
OH, AND, UH,
COULD YOU DO ME A FAVOR
AND ARREST GAIL
FOR BEING SUCH A DING-DONG?
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANK YOU.
OH, AND BE CAREFUL.
SHE BRUISES EASILY.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU DO HAVE THE KEY FOR THIS,
THOUGH, RIGHT?
UH, LEO,
DO YOU HAVE THE KEY?
NOPE.
SORRY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ MUFFLED GROANING,
BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
MCNALLY, DIAZ, HEAD AROUND BACK.
WE'LL TAKE THE FRONT.
[ DOORBELL RINGS ]
LET'S GO.
Sam: ADRIAN CLARKE.
YEAH?
YOU GOING
SOMEWHERE?
MAYBE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UH, WE TALKED TO YOUR BOSS.
HE SAID YOU CALLED IN SICK.
[ MUFFLED FOOTSTEPS ]
[ Muffled ] HEY! HEY!
WOULDN'T MOVE
IF I WERE YOU.
IT'S YOU.
CHECK THE REST
OF THE HOUSE.
YOU REMEMBER ME?
NO.
WHERE WERE YOU HEADED
JUST NOW, HUH?
TO FILL A PRESCRIPTION. I WENT
TO THE DOCTOR'S THIS MORNING.
THAT'S WHY
I CALLED IN SICK.
WE'RE GONNA FIND HER.
HOW DOES THAT
NOT MAKE SENSE TO YOU?
[ MUFFLED FOOTSTEPS ]
NICK.
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
TRACI?
ARE YOU DOWN HERE?
[ SIGHS ]
WHERE IS SHE?
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
[ LOCK CLICKS ]
YOU HUNGRY?
I'M STARVING.
NOT YOU. LEO?
SEAWEED'S GREAT,
BUT IT DOESN'T FILL YOU UP.
AM I RIGHT?
SO I WAS THINKING
THE THREE OF US
COULD MAYBE GO
GET SOME ICE CREAM.
I JUST WANT
TO SEE MY MOM.
COME ON.
ICE CREAM IS GREAT.
WE CAN GET ANY FLAVOR
IN THE CITY.
YOU NAME IT,
WE'LL TRACK IT DOWN.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
YOUR MOM IS A SUPERHERO.
SHE'S GONNA BE OKAY.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
BECAUSE I JUST KNOW.
AND BECAUSE
SHE DOES AMAZING THINGS.
I REMEMBER
A COUPLE MONTHS AGO,
SHE SOLVED A CASE
IN LIKE EIGHT HOURS,
AND THAT WOULD HAVE
TAKEN MOST PEOPLE WEEKS.
AND DO YOU WANT
TO KNOW WHY?
WHY?
BECAUSE IF SHE HADN'T
HAVE SOLVED IT,
SHE WOULD HAVE
HAD TO WORK LATE,
AND SHE WOULD HAVE MISSED
YOUR HOCKEY GAME.
NOTHING'S GONNA STOP HER
FROM TUCKING YOU IN TONIGHT,
OKAY?
OKAY.
SAM.
[ BUZZER ]
HOLD UP.
THAT'S THE GUY
WHO ATTACKED ME.
WHEN WE WERE
AT TRACI'S HOUSE,
WE WERE FIGHTING,
HE LOOKED AT ME.
I'M TELLING YOU,
HE'S GOT THE SAME EYES.
IT'S HIM.
OKAY.
LET ME GET IN THERE.
[ BUZZER ]
Adrian,
I am Detective Capello.
We spoke once before.
HOW COULD I FORGET?
THIS IS DETECTIVE SWAREK.
SO, IS ONE OF YOU TWO
GONNA LET ME KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON THIS TIME,
OR...?
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU
JUST WALK US THROUGH TODAY?
Guess that's a "no."
Okay, well,
it's like I said.
I woke up and went
to the doctor, I went home,
got my face
smashed into the floor.
That pretty much
brings us up to now.
DID YOU BUY THE FLOWERS
BEFORE OR AFTER
YOU WENT TO THE DOCTOR?
YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME,
LADY.
WOW.
SHE'S OBSESSED.
I TOLD HER BEFORE,
BUT I GUESS SHE DIDN'T HEAR.
I'VE NEVER GIVEN STUPID FLOWERS
TO ANYONE IN MY LIFE!
I GUESS
I'VE NEVER HAD TO.
HEY, DON'T WORRY,
THOUGH.
YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD
KEEP ASKING ABOUT FLOWERS.
MAYBE SOMEONE AROUND THE OFFICE
WILL HEAR
AND BUY YOU A BOUQUET.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
EXCUSE ME.
Hey, we done here?
SAM: No, we're not.
WHAT?
Oliver:
UM, HIS ALIBI CHECKS OUT.
DOCTORS CONFIRMED,
AND HIS NEIGHBOR
SAW HIM COME HOME.
SO HE COULDN'T HAVE
BEEN AT THE SCHOOL, THEN.
THE TIMELINE'S IMPOSSIBLE.
OKAY, I KNOW
THIS SOUNDS REALLY WEIRD --
HE WAS WEARING A MASK
THE ENTIRE TIME.
I AM TELLING YOU --
IT WAS HIM.
OKAY, I BELIEVE YOU.
I BELIEVE YOU.
SO, WHAT ARE WE MISSING
HERE?
I DON'T KNOW. THIS GUY'S NOT
WHAT I THOUGHT HE WOULD BE.
WHAT IS IT THAT YOU WERE
EXPECTING HIM TO BE?
WELL, WE'RE WORKING
OFF THE PROFILE, RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
"GENTLEMAN RAPIST."
INSECURE, SOCIALLY AWKWARD,
APOLOGETIC.
THIS GUY IS
COCKY AND AGGRESSIVE.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE
HE'S PUTTING ON AN ACT
TO THROW THE PROFILE,
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
WHICH I GOT TO SAY
IS AWFULLY CLEVER FOR HIM.
ADRIAN JUST DECLARED,
QUOTE, UH,
"THE DAMN LILIES
WERE NEVER MY THING,"
AND DEMANDED RELEASE.
IS IT POSSIBLE
HE'S WORKING WITH SOMEONE?
A DUO?
WELL, THAT'S UNCOMMON
IN THESE CASES,
BUT MORE LONERS ARE
FINDING CRIMINAL PARTNERS
ONLINE THESE DAYS.
MAYBE SOMEBODY WAS
MEETING HIM THERE.
ALL RIGHT,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THEN WE'LL START LOOKING
FOR A PARTNER.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
Traci:
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
LOOK --
LOOK, I'M NERVOUS.
ESPECIALLY WITH THAT.
OKAY, I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT
TO TALK, BUT...
IS THERE ANYTHING THAT YOU...
WANT ME TO KNOW ABOUT YOU,
THAT YOU WANT TO KNOW
ABOUT ME...
THAT YOU COULDN'T ALREADY
FIGURE OUT FROM MY PURSE?
I HAVE A SON -- LEO.
WHICH I GUESS YOU ALREADY KNOW
IF YOU LEFT THAT MESSAGE.
TELL ME ABOUT THIS.
TELL ME ABOUT HIM.
YOU WERE THERE
THIS MORNING.
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU THINK YOU SAW.
YOU KNOW WHAT I SAW.
OKAY.
BUT IF THIS IS
ABOUT STEVE --
ME AND HIM --
THAT DOESN'T MEAN A THING.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
WELL, IT WAS ROCKY
FROM THE START.
I MEAN,
WE'VE ALREADY BROKEN UP ONCE,
WHICH YOU PROBABLY KNOW.
I MEAN,
STEVE'S POSSESSIVE.
HE'S...
SELFISH.
NOT LIKE YOU.
YOU NOTICE EVERYTHING.
YOU...
ARE THOUGHTFUL...
...CAREFUL.
YOU ALWAYS REMEMBER
WHAT I LIKE.
YOU ALWAYS MAKE ME SMILE.
IT'S OKAY, COREY.
TAKE IT OFF.
HI.
BE OKAY IF I HAD
SOME WATER, MAYBE?
HOW ABOUT A BEER?
OKAY. SURE.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
I'D FALL FOR THAT?
SIR,
I-I THINK WE FOUND HIM.
ADRIAN'S DEEP-WEB MESSAGES --
THEY WERE ALL WITH ONE USER.
BUT THE SECOND GUY,
HE IS SMARTER.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
HIS I.P. IS MASKED.
HIS ANONYMITY IS INTACT.
BUT ADRIAN ADDED
ONE NEW FACEBOOK FRIEND
SHORTLY AFTER
THE CORRESPONDENCE BEGAN --
COREY SLEEMAN.
FROM THE COFFEE SHOP?
YEAH. WE WERE THERE
THIS MORNING.
AND SO WAS HE.
DUNCAN JUST CALLED.
APPARENTLY, COREY WORKED
THE EARLY SHIFT,
THEN HE BORROWED
A DELIVERY VAN.
AND HE ALSO HAS
A SPARE SET OF KEYS
TO A COWORKER'S APARTMENT THAT
HE'S TAKING CARE OF THIS WEEK.
GOT AN ADDRESS?
HERE.
LET'S GO. GOOD WORK.
Steve: COME ON.
GO. GO!
WARD,
THAT'S GOOD WORK.
THANK YOU, SIR.
YOU'RE WAITING FOR SOMEONE.
WHO ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
NO.
YOU LIKE THE WATCHING.
IS THAT IT?
YOU'RE GONNA FILM IT
WHILE SOMEONE ELSE
DOES YOUR WORK FOR YOU?
PLEASE JUST BE QUIET.
OKAY?
THE FLOWERS,
THE SETUP, THE GAME --
THAT'S YOUR STUFF,
ISN'T IT?
YOU DON'T DO THIS PART.
IT'S NOT QUITE THE SAME
AS THE FANTASY, IS IT?
WHAT IF
THEY'VE ALREADY GOT HIM?
HUH?
WHY ELSE
WOULD HE STAND YOU UP?
AND IF THEY'VE GOT HIM,
HOW LONG
BEFORE HE CUTS A DEAL, HUH --
AND SELLS YOU OUT?
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
HE'S NOT COMING, COREY.
THEN I GUESS
WE'D BETTER GET STARTED.
YOU AND ME.
HEY! HEY!
[ LOCK CLICKS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
GAH !
I REALLY WISH
YOU HADN'T HAVE DONE THAT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ PANTING ]
I WAS NEVER
GONNA HURT YOU.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
YOU KNOW, IT'S TRUE,
WHAT YOU SAID.
[ PANTING ]
ABOUT THE FANTASY.
NOTHING'S EVER
EXACTLY LIKE I PICTURE IT.
[ PANTING ]
WHICH IS
SO FRUSTRATING.
WHY IS IT
THAT THE ONE TIME
I WANT THINGS
TO FOLLOW THE PATTERN
AND GO
THEIR PREDICT ABLE WAY,
EVERYONE IS SUDDENLY
FULL OF SURPRISES?!
TRACI?
OKAY, TRACI.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
YOU'RE GONNA
COME OUT OF THERE...
AND YOU'RE GONNA LIE DOWN
WITH ME.
I WILL BE SLOW...
AND SOFT...
BUT IF YOU'RE NOT NICE...
TRACI?
T-TRACI!
[ BANGS DOOR ]
TRACI! !
[ THUDDING ]
[ RATTLING ]
[ POUNDING ]
OH, NO.
[ HINGES JINGLE ]
[ POUNDING ]
[ GRUNTS ]
UNH!
YOU THINK
YOU CAN JUST --
Steve: OH, MY GOD. TRACI, TRACI.
HEY, HEY! COREY SLEEMAN,
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
IT'S -- IT'S OVER. IT'S OVER.
LOOK AT ME. LOOK AT ME.
LET'S GO OUTSIDE, OKAY?
LET'S GO OUTSIDE.
COME OUTSIDE. LET'S GO.
TRACI! TRACI!
TRACI, HOLD --
SHUT UP!
YOU DON'T GET TO TALK.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
HEY, IT'S OKAY.
IT'S OKAY.
I'M HERE. IT'S OKAY.
OKAY. I GOT YOU.
I'M HERE.
I NEVER WANTED
TO HURT HER.
LET'S TALK ABOUT ADRIAN.
ADRIAN BELIEVES
YOUR LITTLE FLOWER FETISH
GOT YOU BOTH CAUGHT.
THE GUY'S
A BIT OF A NEANDERTHAL.
PROBABLY NOT WHO YOU EXPECTED
TO CONNECT WITH ONLINE.
TO TURN YOU IN.
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
[ SIGHS ]
NOT ACCORDING
TO ADRIAN.
HE SAYS THAT YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO PICKED THE GIRLS.
YOU WATCHED THEM,
SENT THEM FLOWERS.
BUT IT DOES SOUND LIKE
HE WAS THE ONE WHO WOULD
ACTUALLY RAPE THEM.
BUT HE --
HE WAS NICE ABOUT IT.
ALL RIGHT?
I MADE SURE OF THAT.
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
WERE YOU THERE?
NO, HE WOULD...
HE WOULD
BLINDFOLD THEM...
AND THEN FILM IT
ON HIS PHONE.
AND YOU'D WATCH IT AFTER?
BUT NOT THIS TIME,
RIGHT, COREY? WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, SHE'S REALLY BEAUTIFUL,
RIGHT?
SHE'S OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE.
I BELIEVE THAT'S HOW
YOU PHRASED IT BEFORE.
I DON'T REMEMBER.
OKAY.
MAYBE THE VIDEOS JUST
WEREN'T ENOUGH FOR YOU ANYMORE.
HM?
MAYBE THIS TIME, YOU WANTED
TO SEE IT FOR YOURSELF.
MAYBE EVEN GO THROUGH WITH IT
ON YOUR OWN
ONCE ADRIAN DIDN'T SHOW.
YEAH, BUT I DIDN'T.
AND I DIDN'T HURT HER.
ASK HER.
[ BUZZER ]
EXCUSE ME.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
Oliver: HEY.
OUR TECH FOUND THE VIDEOS
ON HIS HARD DRIVE --
ALL OF THEM.
[ SIGHS ]
GOOD.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU DO
WHAT YOU DO EVERY DAY.
'CAUSE TODAY, WE GOT HIM.
WE GOT THEM BOTH.
[ LOCKER DOOR OPENS ]
[ SIGHS ]
WHY DON'T I HAVE
A HOODIE?
I ALWAYS HAVE A HOODIE.
I'M ALWAYS COLD.
HOW CAN I NOT
HAVE A HOODIE?
TRACE.
HERE.
I'M INSANELY
PROUD OF YOU.
I'LL CHECK IN
WITH YOU LATER, OKAY?
OKAY.
Steve: HEY.
HEY.
EPSTEIN AND GAIL
ARE BACK WITH LEO.
YOU READY?
YEAH. WHERE IS HE?
I WANT TO GO.
MOM!
HEY!
HE WAS AWESOME,
TRACI.
YEAH?
YEAH.
I DIDN'T KNOW
WHERE YOU WERE.
BUT WE DISTRACT ED HIM
WITH SEAWEED.
AND ICE CREAM, 'CAUSE HE
BASICALLY HEARD THE TRUCK
FROM LIKE A MILE AWAY.
I THINK YOU'D BE
A PRETTY COOL AUNT.
[ CHUCKLES ] WHOA.
[ LAUGHS ]
I THINK
WE'RE GONNA GO.
[ LAUGHS ]
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW, HE'S RIGHT.
HM?
YOU WOULD BE
A PRETTY COOL AUNT.
OH, YEAH?
YEAH.
WHAT ABOUT A MOM?
DO YOU THINK I'D BE
A PRETTY COOL MOM?
WELL, EASY, TIGER.
BABY STEPS.
[ Chuckling ]
SORRY -- WHAT?
I MEAN,
YOU -- YOU'D BE A MOM.
OKAY.
YOU'D BE A-A COOL MOM.
MM-HMM.
I-I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT A PRETTY MOM.
[ SLAPS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ FLEURIE'S "THERE'S A GHOST"
PLAYS ]
A QUICK TIP FOR NEXT TIME --
SPRINKLING A LITTLE CAYENNE
WILL HELP THROW PEOPLE
OFF YOUR SCENT.
HI.
HEY, CAN I, UH...
CAN I ASK YOU
SOMETHING?
OKAY.
THIS WHOLE, UH...
SNEAKING-AROUND THING --
IS THAT US
OR IS THAT YOU?
* INTRODUCED WITH MY NAME
HEY, LOOK,
YOU KNOW A LOT ABOUT ME.
IT'S ONLY FAIR
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
* NOTHING BUT CLOTHES,
AND SHE IS PARALYZING *
NICK.
YOU'RE GONNA TELL ME
I'M BEING CRAZY, RIGHT?
YEAH.
MM-HMM.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
* THE HUMAN SOUL
IS A TREACHEROUS PLACE *
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
* BENEATH THE MASK WE WEAR
NICE WORK TODAY.
* A DARK AND TWISTED
LABYRINTH LAID *
* SECRETS LOCKED
AND CLOSETS CLOSED *
ALL RIGHT,
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
* NEVER SURFACE
WHILE WE KEEP COMPOSED *
* COME OUT OF HIDING
* OHHHHHHH
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SERIOUSLY, HOW --
HOW DID YOU GET IN HERE?
COP'S WIFE.
NOTICED
WHERE YOU KEEP THE SPARE.
YOU OKAY?
[ Laughing ]
I'M FINE. I'M GREAT.
ACTUALLY, I-I'VE BEEN
SAVING THIS FOR YOU ALL DAY.
OH.
YEAH, I KNEW
YOU'D COME BACK EVENTUALLY.
JAMIE --
COME ON!
WE'VE BEEN SO GOOD.
I JUST NEED ONE NIGHT,
JUST ONE NIGHT --
YOU AND ME.
I CAN'T DO THAT.
THEN DON'T.
[ CHUCKLES ]
SERIOUSLY, YOU WANT ME TO...
CALL SOMEBODY --
YOUR...SPONSOR
OR SOMETHING?
YEAH,
CALL MY SPONSOR.
BETTER IDEA --
WHY DON'T YOU CALL MY HUSBAND?
"HEY,
CAN YOU COME PICK ME UP?
"I'M JUST PARTYING
WITH ONE OF YOUR OFFICERS.
DIAZ, CHRIS DIAZ --
I THINK YOU KNOW HIM."
THAT'S NOT FUNNY.
* THERE'S A HEARTBEAT
UNDER MY FLOORBOARDS *
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME.
[ SIGHS DEEPLY ]
* CHARGING ME GUILTY
MM, MM.
[ CHUCKLES ]
DON'T YOU SEE ME NAKED ENOUGH,
MCNALLY?
STILL SNEAKING
INTO THE LOCKER ROOM?
[ CHUCKLES ]
MM.
TODAY WAS HARD.
YEAH, IT WAS HARD.
WE DID GOOD, THOUGH.
YEAH.
* NEVERMORE
'CAUSE WE LAID ALL OUR CLOTHES
OUT LAST NIGHT, YOU KNOW?
THAT ALWAYS ENSURES
A GOOD TOMORROW.
THAT'S OFFICIALLY THE LAMEST
THING YOU'VE EVER SAID TO ME.
CAN YOU TAKE YOUR SHIRT BACK OFF
TO REMIND ME WHY I'M WITH YOU?
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
COME ON, LET'S GO.
[ LAUGHS ]
CAN I PICK OUT YOUR CLOTHES
TOMORROW?
I-I THINK THAT'S BAD LUCK
IF YOU DO THAT.
THAT'S NOT BAD LUCK.
THAT'S A BUNCH OF CRAP.